Added RL and Multi-Objective examples to `examples/README.md` (#2432)
optuna/optuna: examples/README.md

* [Optimizing on Kubernetes](./kubernetes/README.md)

### Examples of Reinforcement Learning

> * [Optimizating Hyperparameters for Stable-Baslines Agent](./rl/sb3_simple.py)

Reviewer: Fix typo
```suggestion
* [Optimization of hyperparameters for Stable-Baslines Agent](./rl/sb3_simple.py)
```

Author: Thank you for pointing that out, I'll change that.
